Main page: Max Hulliberger and Kate McDowell. When: January 28th, 2017. Where:Grand Ledge Opera House

Pictures tab: Pictures/ engagement photos

Registry tab: Wedding registry

"Our Story" tab: Kate and I met when I came to Lansing Christian High School freshman year. At the time, she was dating my friend Tyler and so I knew her through him. We went through high school as friends, and it wasn't until senior year that things clicked for me. She had recently gone through a break up, and banquet (prom) was coming up. I wanted to take her, but wasn't sure if I should ask because of the recent break up. I ended up talking to her best friend about it to kind of see how she felt about other people asking her. She told me that I should definitely ask and that I better hurry, because she knew several other guys were planning on asking her. I got flowers the next morning and took my place in front of her locker. She walked into the hallway through a door about 15 feet away. My nervousness took over and I meekly asked her to banquet while she was still 15 feet away. Luckily she still said yes! After banquet, we kind of went back to being just friends. We were both graduating, and she was going to college over an hour away from me. (Later, she would tell me that she didn't want a serious relationship, and that she just wanted to party in college.) I convinced her to at least go out with me on a real date, just to see how it goes, and she agreed. Our first date was at Bravos followed by a movie. I thought the date went pretty well, and she agreed to a second. Our next date we went bowling. I found out she doesn't like bowling much, but still had fun talking with me. We went on several more dates. I took her up north with my family for a weekend and we had a great time. That's when we became "official." We then continued to date for the next 3 and a half years through college. We helped each other through tough times, and enjoyed the good times together. We had talked about marriage a lot, and it was weighing pretty heavy on my mind around fall 2015. I came to the conclusion that I had never wanted anything so bad in my life, and couldn't picture my life any other way. I told my parents of my intentions over dinner. I think I suprised them a little, but they couldn't be any happier about it. I then asked her dad for his blessing before going ring shopping the following weekend. Once I had the ring, I ran out of all patience. I had to ask her. It was very difficult to act normal as I prepared the proposal plans. I rehearsed what I was going to say every single time I had to drive for about 2-3 weeks. I was going to ask better than I had for banquet! I ended up taking her to the pergola behind the English Inn under the guise of a suprise party for my sister. After she said yes, she ran up to the English Inn so she could get a better look at the ring! We shared some champagne while we waited for all of our family to show up. We took a lot of pictures while drinking more champagne and eating appetizers. It was a very joyful night.